Why it’s critical to get environment promotion right (#1181)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2025-01/get-environment-promotion-right/index.md

Having confidence in what you released is important for a few reasons:

- **Critical for testing deployments** - The only way to ensure that a deployment will work as expected is to test it. This is important not only for code and components but also for the deployment process. The best way to test the production deployment process is to use the same process in test environments. This lets you find and fix issues earlier, leading to a shortened feedback loop and less wasted time.
- **Reduced risk of something going wrong** - The more you test a new version of an application before it goes to production, the less risk there is that something will go wrong and create downtime. Environment promotion includes testing and gates to reduce the risk of unexpected errors when it reaches customers.
- **Crisis management** - Being confident in your deployment processes also helps during emergencies. Relying on a trusted, well-tested, automated process is much better than trying to improvise. Using an improvised process in a high-pressure situation makes you more likely to introduce even more problems.

## Automating environment promotion with Continuous Delivery

> Every software company has some form of environment and rules around promotion in place. Yet, environment promotion reamins a challenge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every software company has some form of environment and rules around promotion in place. Yet, environment promotion remains a challenge. 
```

> One of the main benefits of Continuous Delivery (CD) and deployment automation is that it helps you increase deployment frequency, which helps you improve DORA metrics, as all focus on the quality of your environment promotion solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous Delivery (CD) and deployment automation help you increase deployment frequency and the quality of your promotions between environments. This, in turn, helps you improve your DORA metrics. Teams that perform well against DORA metrics are more likely to achieve better customer satisfaction, operational efficiency, and overall organizational performance.
```

Every software company has some form of environment and rules around promotion in place. Yet, environment promotion reamins a challenge. 

> Continuous Delivery (CD) and deployment automation help you increase deployment frequency and the quality of your promotions between environments. This, in turn, helps you improve your DORA metrics. Teams that perform well against DORA metrics are more likely to achieve better customer satisfaction, operational efficiency, and overall organizational performance.

Reviewer: @nikita-dergilev can you please check you're happy with this change?

Reviewer 2: I think we can say that 'The best way to measure it comprehensively is DORA metrics'. Metrics are not a thing by itself.

I like how you made it clearer overall! Thanks!
